hey whats up guys picked up another
figure yesterday universe hotshot the
Armada series and with Minicon jolt yeah
I was waiting for this guy also picked a
ratchet up as well pick them up to and I
was waiting for I saw some pictures of
from the up-and-coming universe line a
couple of months back and I want to get
him because he looks like he's a totally
different remake from the Armada figure
and yeah they really did him differently
and looks like a did a pretty good job
with it and let's see cool box and I
0223 aur mota and yeah so pretty happy
to get this guy and all you also know in
the animated the third season the first
episode I think it's called trans warped
he's also a character in there in the
beginning gets beat up pretty badly
though but definitely a character that's
another reason why I picked this guy up
and always kind of wanted him but I
didn't like the Amato version but when I
saw pictures of hot nothing look pretty
good so yeah man let's take them out
here they are both in their alternate
mode and Minicon jolt the blades do spin
pretty good and he's got that Minicon
port I guess at the bottom here and
suppose to you can peg it at the back
but it's not going to be much it's time
we practical I don't know why then
designer this way but the instructions
tell you do tell you to put them like so
and then now you've got them on the back
attached to him so on these attached is
fairly long
you know and hotshot does well pretty
good so no problem there and let's just
transform em well quick very simple take
the feet down put this back and that's
it bring the arms out very similar to is
a model version but the transformation
is a little different and sin so does a
stand but that's jolt Minicon jolt and
then let's transform hotshot and what
you actually can do also is you have the
American here now doors do open from the
side so if you want to have the doors
open but now first thing you would do is
you'd open up the doors bring them down
like hell and then what you want to do
let's work on the the arms first you
just bring this piece out and up as
legit as it can go and you just bring
the arms out to the side and that kind
of and this this these two pieces will
kind of hang like this on the top that's
fine you can already see the arms and
then I just break apart the the the hood
here and then you can see that that's
going to form the legs and then you just
take this whole piece well before you do
that let's bring this out to the sides
here so just bring this whole piece to
the top and while you bring this down so
that becomes his chest and then you just
click it and it will click right in and
on the bottom piece you can just click
that as well and then that kind of forms
his legs and then you're going to bring
the heels out which is here while you do
that you're going to
put the put the window down in the same
thing and we heal up and you put this
window and there we have his feet and
his legs are formed and then just turn
around the head actually what you can do
also is you can go and lift the visor
that's cool feature I'm glad they put
that in there and you can actually lift
up the visor and put it down like that
and it looks a lot like the hermano I'm
sorry the animated version as well you
guys saw the the first episode of season
3 so a lot of similarities to the other
characters will great to like drowning
and Cyclonus and Rodimus really cool
episode and so that's him right here
cool pose already there's not much
articulation in the arms you have front
and movement back a little bit but it's
tendered moves out just a bit you've got
album movement and that's about it but
you've got more leg movement you got
knees movement in and out you can also
move outwards like so if you move back
and then so and also we can twist them
look like that so a little bit of
hindrance in the articulation compared
to the other leg universe figures and
you can also put the Minicon on top of
all you see transforming back quick
don't take much really and there you go
put them right on top now you can have
them on top of them like that if you
want display this way but I like this
figure I'm really liking it cool cool
figure I like the pose he's got a detail
i like the legs like the way they bend
and everything it's really nice cool
little addition different update I'm
sorry yeah
I won't call it an upgrade but it's a
little different version than the air
mata and the transformation is just
different as well and I think it's
better so universe hotshot and his buddy
jeweled all right guys talk you later